1794 remove deprecated from main (#1928)
finos/FDC3: CHANGELOG.md

* Updated "Releasing FDC3 to NPM" instructions in README to reflect the current GitHub Actions release workflow. ([#1864](https://github.com/finos/FDC3/pull/1864))
* Improved loading of example applications, fdc3-conformance and fdc3-workbench in the FDC3 for Web reference implementation demo. ([#1924](https://github.com/finos/FDC3/pull/1924))

### Removed

> * Removed deprecated methods etc. from FDC3 2.0 release. ([#1916](https://github.com/finos/FDC3/pull/1916))

Reviewer: Update this after PrivateChannel deprecations are removed

```suggestion
* Removed deprecated functions from the Desktop Agent, Channel and PrivateChannel APIs for deprecations applied in FDC3 2.0-2.2 ([#1916](https://github.com/finos/FDC3/pull/1916))
```

Reviewer: will change in PR to update this branch
